{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par
/*! normalize.css v3.0.2 | MIT License | git.io/normalize */\par
\par
/**\par
 * 1. Set default font family to sans-serif.\par
 * 2. Prevent iOS text size adjust after orientation change, without disabling\par
 *    user zoom.\par
 */\par
\par
html \{\par
  font-family: sans-serif; /* 1 */\par
  -ms-text-size-adjust: 100%; /* 2 */\par
  -webkit-text-size-adjust: 100%; /* 2 */\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Remove default margin.\par
 */\par
\par
body \{\par
  margin: 0;\par
\}\par
\par
/* HTML5 display definitions\par
   ========================================================================== */\par
\par
/**\par
 * Correct `block` display not defined for any HTML5 element in IE 8/9.\par
 * Correct `block` display not defined for `details` or `summary` in IE 10/11\par
 * and FIREFOX.\par
 * Correct `block` display not defined for `main` in IE 11.\par
 */\par
\par
article,\par
aside,\par
details,\par
figcaption,\par
figure,\par
footer,\par
header,\par
hgroup,\par
main,\par
menu,\par
nav,\par
section,\par
summary \{\par
  display: block;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * 1. Correct `inline-block` display not defined in IE 8/9.\par
 * 2. Normalize vertical alignment of `progress` in Chrome, FIREFOX, and Opera.\par
 */\par
\par
audio,\par
canvas,\par
progress,\par
video \{\par
  display: inline-block; /* 1 */\par
  vertical-align: baseline; /* 2 */\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Prevent modern browsers from displaying `audio` without controls.\par
 * Remove excess height in iOS 5 devices.\par
 */\par
\par
audio:not([controls]) \{\par
  display: none;\par
  height: 0;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Address `[hidden]` styling not present in IE 8/9/10.\par
 * Hide the `TEMPLATE` element in IE 8/9/11, Safari, and FIREFOX < 22.\par
 */\par
\par
[hidden],\par
template \{\par
  display: none;\par
\}\par
\par
/* Links\par
   ========================================================================== */\par
\par
/**\par
 * Remove the gray background color from active links in IE 10.\par
 */\par
\par
a \{\par
  background-color: transparent;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Improve readability when focused and also mouse hovered in all browsers.\par
 */\par
\par
a:active,\par
a:hover \{\par
  outline: 0;\par
\}\par
\par
/* Text-level semantics\par
   ========================================================================== */\par
\par
/**\par
 * Address styling not present in IE 8/9/10/11, Safari, and Chrome.\par
 */\par
\par
abbr[title] \{\par
  border-bottom: 1px dotted;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Address style set to `bolder` in Firefox 4+, Safari, and Chrome.\par
 */\par
\par
b,\par
strong \{\par
  font-weight: bold;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Address styling not present in Safari and Chrome.\par
 */\par
\par
dfn \{\par
  font-style: italic;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Address variable `h1` font-size and margin within `section` and `article`\par
 * contexts in Firefox 4+, Safari, and Chrome.\par
 */\par
\par
h1 \{\par
  font-size: 2em;\par
  margin: 0.67em 0;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Address styling not present in IE 8/9.\par
 */\par
\par
mark \{\par
  background: #ff0;\par
  color: #000;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Address inconsistent and variable font size in all browsers.\par
 */\par
\par
small \{\par
  font-size: 80%;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Prevent `sub` and `sup` affecting `line-height` in all browsers.\par
 */\par
\par
sub,\par
sup \{\par
  font-size: 75%;\par
  line-height: 0;\par
  position: relative;\par
  vertical-align: baseline;\par
\}\par
\par
sup \{\par
  top: -0.5em;\par
\}\par
\par
sub \{\par
  bottom: -0.25em;\par
\}\par
\par
/* Embedded content\par
   ========================================================================== */\par
\par
/**\par
 * Remove border when inside `a` element in IE 8/9/10.\par
 */\par
\par
img \{\par
  border: 0;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Correct overflow not hidden in IE 9/10/11.\par
 */\par
\par
svg:not(:root) \{\par
  overflow: hidden;\par
\}\par
\par
/* Grouping content\par
   ========================================================================== */\par
\par
/**\par
 * Address margin not present in IE 8/9 and Safari.\par
 */\par
\par
figure \{\par
  margin: 1em 40px;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Address differences between Firefox and other browsers.\par
 */\par
\par
hr \{\par
  -moz-box-sizing: content-box;\par
  box-sizing: content-box;\par
  height: 0;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Contain overflow in all browsers.\par
 */\par
\par
pre \{\par
  overflow: auto;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Address odd `em`-unit font size rendering in all browsers.\par
 */\par
\par
code,\par
kbd,\par
pre,\par
samp \{\par
  font-family: monospace, monospace;\par
  font-size: 1em;\par
\}\par
\par
/* Forms\par
   ========================================================================== */\par
\par
/**\par
 * Known limitation: by default, Chrome and Safari on OS X allow very limited\par
 * styling of `select`, unless a `border` property is set.\par
 */\par
\par
/**\par
 * 1. Correct color not being inherited.\par
 *    Known issue: affects color of disabled elements.\par
 * 2. Correct font properties not being inherited.\par
 * 3. Address margins set differently in Firefox 4+, Safari, and Chrome.\par
 */\par
\par
button,\par
input,\par
optgroup,\par
select,\par
textarea \{\par
  color: inherit; /* 1 */\par
  font: inherit; /* 2 */\par
  margin: 0; /* 3 */\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Address `overflow` set to `hidden` in IE 8/9/10/11.\par
 */\par
\par
button \{\par
  overflow: visible;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Address inconsistent `text-transform` inheritance for `button` and `select`.\par
 * All other form control elements do not inherit `text-transform` values.\par
 * Correct `button` style inheritance in Firefox, IE 8/9/10/11, and Opera.\par
 * Correct `select` style inheritance in Firefox.\par
 */\par
\par
button,\par
select \{\par
  text-transform: none;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * 1. Avoid the WebKit bug in Android 4.0.* where (2) destroys native `audio`\par
 *    and `video` controls.\par
 * 2. Correct inability to style clickable `input` types in iOS.\par
 * 3. Improve usability and consistency of cursor style between image-type\par
 *    `input` and others.\par
 */\par
\par
button,\par
html input[type="button"], /* 1 */\par
input[type="RESET"],\par
input[type="submit"] \{\par
  -webkit-appearance: button; /* 2 */\par
  cursor: pointer; /* 3 */\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Re-set default cursor for disabled elements.\par
 */\par
\par
button[disabled],\par
html input[disabled] \{\par
  cursor: default;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Remove inner padding and border in Firefox 4+.\par
 */\par
\par
button::-moz-focus-inner,\par
input::-moz-focus-inner \{\par
  border: 0;\par
  padding: 0;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Address Firefox 4+ setting `line-height` on `input` using `!important` in\par
 * the UA stylesheet.\par
 */\par
\par
input \{\par
  line-height: normal;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * It's recommended that you don't attempt to style these elements.\par
 * Firefox's implementation doesn't respect box-sizing, padding, or width.\par
 *\par
 * 1. Address box sizing set to `content-box` in IE 8/9/10.\par
 * 2. Remove excess padding in IE 8/9/10.\par
 */\par
\par
input[type="checkbox"],\par
input[type="radio"] \{\par
  box-sizing: border-box; /* 1 */\par
  padding: 0; /* 2 */\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Fix the cursor style for Chrome's increment/decrement buttons. For certain\par
 * `font-size` values of the `input`, it causes the cursor style of the\par
 * decrement button to change from `default` to `text`.\par
 */\par
\par
input[type="number"]::-webkit-inner-spin-button,\par
input[type="number"]::-webkit-outer-spin-button \{\par
  height: auto;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * 1. Address `appearance` set to `searchfield` in Safari and Chrome.\par
 * 2. Address `box-sizing` set to `border-box` in Safari and Chrome\par
 *    (include `-moz` to future-proof).\par
 */\par
\par
input[type="search"] \{\par
  -webkit-appearance: textfield; /* 1 */\par
  -moz-box-sizing: content-box;\par
  -webkit-box-sizing: content-box; /* 2 */\par
  box-sizing: content-box;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Remove inner padding and search CANCEL button in Safari and Chrome on OS X.\par
 * Safari (but not Chrome) clips the cancel button when the search input has\par
 * padding (and `textfield` appearance).\par
 */\par
\par
input[type="search"]::-webkit-search-cancel-button,\par
input[type="search"]::-webkit-search-decoration \{\par
  -webkit-appearance: none;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Define consistent border, margin, and padding.\par
 */\par
\par
fieldset \{\par
  border: 1px solid #c0c0c0;\par
  margin: 0 2px;\par
  padding: 0.35em 0.625em 0.75em;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * 1. Correct `color` not being inherited in IE 8/9/10/11.\par
 * 2. Remove padding so people aren't caught out if they zero out fieldsets.\par
 */\par
\par
legend \{\par
  border: 0; /* 1 */\par
  padding: 0; /* 2 */\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Remove default vertical scrollbar in IE 8/9/10/11.\par
 */\par
\par
textarea \{\par
  overflow: auto;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Don't inherit the `font-weight` (applied by a rule above).\par
 * NOTE: the default cannot safely be changed in Chrome and Safari on OS X.\par
 */\par
\par
optgroup \{\par
  font-weight: bold;\par
\}\par
\par
/* Tables\par
   ========================================================================== */\par
\par
/**\par
 * Remove most spacing between table cells.\par
 */\par
\par
table \{\par
  border-collapse: collapse;\par
  border-spacing: 0;\par
\}\par
\par
td,\par
th \{\par
  padding: 0;\par
\}\par
}
 